deprecate metrics pkg 1/n (#6505)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/extensions/metrics.rst

#######
Metrics
#######

> ``pytorch_lightning.metrics`` has been moved to separate package `TorchMetrics <https://torchmetrics.readthedocs.io/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``pytorch_lightning.metrics`` has been moved to a separate package `TorchMetrics <https://torchmetrics.readthedocs.io/>`_.
```

> We will preserve user compatibility for next few following release never the less we encourage users to start transition to this stand-alone package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will preserve compatibility for the next few releases, nevertheless, we encourage users to update to use this stand-alone package.
```
